Got it.
I find the answers in all that.
It's more than just the answers.
And with it, I'm all about study.
Which do you remember more from our studies?
The answers?
Or the things that touch your heart?
Yeah.
Like, when we talked about immorality,
you knew the answer.
But you didn't seem totally convinced.
You'll hear.
Let's try and find that answer.
But whoever practices sexual immorality
is sinning against his own body.
Not sure why,
but it made me think of Mum and Dad.
His constant cheating, actually.
Mum's humiliation,
the divorce, all the misery.
I didn't want that.
I began to realise
how right Jehovah is.
Because of what need to call meditation.
It's not about clearing your mind to find inner peace.
It's totally different.
It's asking
how Jehovah feels about something.
And then what that means for me.
Yeah.
I sister died in that attack.
It was really sad.
That's time and unexpected events.
Well,
it's one of those cases.
What about when someone survives
because they're at the meeting?
That's...
I don't get it.
Straight answer.
Does Jehovah protect witnesses or not?
Funny.
My meeting part tonight covers that point.
Why don't you come?
You're really pushing those meetings, aren't you?
What time?
But I missed her part.
But...
it wasn't a total loss.
Nita had said,
at the hall,
everyone loves one another.
I felt it.
I had no idea.
I told her I'd be back.
Do not be misled.
Bad associations,
spoil useful habits.
Okay, but...
what's good associations?
Well,
we have wholesome gatherings
with our brothers and sisters from the congregation.
And we eat, and talk.
And some like to play musical instruments.
And they'll do...
Renditions of original songs.
And we have a really nice time.
Yeah.
I don't do that.
It's not boring.
Sure, it's not.
Well, what do you do?
You wouldn't do that.
It's not exactly wholesome.
But you've got to have fun, right?
True.
And...
we do.
See for yourself.
I'm having some people over this weekend.
Why don't you come?
It wasn't the club.
But it was still fun.
Neeter and I talked about it.
Part of me felt a bit scared.
Part a bit crazy.
Me knocking on doors.
But I knew this was the right thing to do.
A minister should also be free
from all non-medical use of addictive
or mind-altering substances.
Non-medical.
But taking something when I'm feeling a little stressed.
Like, maybe I don't know.
A little weed?
That's okay, right?
And it's for the stress.
I guess I didn't quite understand what medical men...
So we've seen you during the week.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you, Johnny.
Thanks.
We'll be back.
You can guess what our next few studies were about.
And you should continue to be made new
in your dominant mental attitude.
Knowing it was wrong was easy.
Figuring out how to cope without it
wasn't eating it.
Felt impossible.
It deserved a hover.
Felt amazing.
Listen, I really don't want to disappoint her.
I can't disappoint your hover.
Of course.
You loved them both.
Don't you think you can help you?
Talk to him.
I spent a long time pouring out my heart to him.
And I remembered something from one of the Psalms.
I will walk in your truth.
Unifying my heart to fear your name.
Remember someone wants claiming to be all about the promises.
Made any good ones lately?
Absolutely.